Transparent accepted grants suggestions (#409)
w3f/General-Grants-Program: grants/accepted_grant_applications.md

# Accepted Grant Applications [WIP!] <!-- omit in toc -->

> > **:loudspeaker:** This page provides an overview of accepted grants, their progress and a link to their GitHub repositories. In cases where the link points to an organization, **you should be aware that the grant application itself is often an independent project unrelated to other work done by the teams**. Besides, **there is a clear difference between an application being accepted and the project being successfully delivered.** Only projects that have successfully delivered a milestone are allowed to make public announcements on the matter or to use our [badge](https://github.com/w3f/General-Grants-Program/blob/master/grants/grant-badge-guidelines.md) for grant recipients. Violations to this policy can be reported [here]().

Author: This would be a good place to make this clear, in case we want to. Don't know what the right place to report violations would be.

Reviewer: Good idea. I suggest using grants@web3.foundation

Author: Whichever you prefer

```suggestion
> **:loudspeaker:** This page provides an overview of accepted grant applications, their progress and a link to their GitHub repositories. In cases where the link points to an organization, **you should be aware that the grant application itself is often an independent project unrelated to other work done by the teams**. Besides, **there is a clear difference between accepting an application and the successful delivery of the project.** Only projects that have successfully delivered a milestone are allowed to make public announcements on the matter or to use our [badge](https://github.com/w3f/General-Grants-Program/blob/master/grants/grant-badge-guidelines.md) for grant recipients. Violations to this policy can be reported [here]().
```

Reviewer: Whatever you prefer

Author: Give me a minute

## :surfing_woman: Wave 1 - First Quarter 2019

> | Team | Project | Link | Terminated | First Delivery | Closed

Reviewer: First Delivery sounds good. I would still use finished and not closed. Basically to tell teams please finish your project. But it’s not something I would insist on.

> | Team | Project | Link | Terminated | First Delivery | Closed

Author: I see. Then I would just update it to Completed because it sounds nicer ;)

> | Team | Project | Link | Terminated | First Delivery | Closed

Reviewer: Makes sense
